<!DOCTYPE html>
	<html>
	<head>
	<textarea> Soft Futuristic / Dreamcore
Color palette Use soft glowing colors like lavender, baby blue, pastel pink, silver, and white. Dreamcore spaces usually avoid dark tones and instead feel airy and glowing.
Lighting Lighting is the most important element. Use LED rope lights, glow lamps, orb lights, or cloud lamps. Curved lighting patterns or squiggly lights help give the room that dreamy futuristic look.
Textures Use soft fuzzy textures like faux fur blankets, fluffy rugs, or plush pillows. Pair them with smooth futuristic materials like acrylic, chrome, or glossy surfaces.
Decor elements Mirrors, star projectors, jellyfish lamps, iridescent decor, and curved furniture shapes all add to the futuristic dream vibe.
Wall decor Minimal posters or abstract prints work best. Dreamcore walls sometimes include soft glowing shapes, stars, or surreal imagery.

Coastal
Color palette Think ocean colors: soft blues, sandy beige, white, seafoam green, and light wood tones.
Textures Natural materials help create the coastal look. Use woven baskets, linen bedding, cotton blankets, and light wood furniture.
Decor elements Shells, coral decor, driftwood pieces, and ocean-inspired art are common coastal accents.
Lighting Soft natural lighting works best. Lamps with woven shades or light fabric shades help keep the room feeling airy.
Patterns Subtle stripes or wave-like patterns can add a coastal feel without overwhelming the room.

Minimalistic
Color palette Minimalist rooms usually stick to neutral tones like white, beige, gray, and soft black.
Furniture choices Keep furniture simple with clean lines and minimal decoration.
Decor rule Instead of filling the room with decor, choose a few intentional pieces. A single framed print, a small plant, or a simple lamp can be enough.
Storage Hidden storage helps maintain the clean look. Use drawers, baskets, and shelves to keep clutter out of sight.
Textures Minimalist rooms still need texture to feel cozy. Soft blankets, linen bedding, or a simple rug help prevent the room from feeling empty.

Coquette
Color palette Soft romantic colors like blush pink, cream, white, and light gold are common.
Fabrics Use delicate fabrics like lace, satin, or ruffled bedding.
Decor elements Bows, vintage mirrors, floral prints, and candle holders help create the coquette aesthetic.
Lighting Soft warm lighting makes the space feel romantic. Table lamps or fairy lights work well.
Accessories Perfume trays, jewelry dishes, and decorative books add small feminine details.

Preppy
Color palette Preppy rooms often use classic color combinations like navy and white, pink and green, or light blue and white.
Patterns Stripes, plaid, gingham, or small floral patterns help create the preppy style.
Decor elements Framed art, monogram letters, and neat shelves give the room a polished look.
Furniture Simple structured furniture works best—nothing overly modern or overly rustic.
Accessories Throw pillows, decorative trays, and tidy book stacks help make the room feel styled.

Clean Girl Aesthetic
Color palette Neutrals like cream, white, soft beige, and light wood tones.
Decor focus Keep the room tidy and calm. Clean surfaces and organized shelves are key.
Textures Soft bedding, plush blankets, and neutral rugs add comfort without clutter.
Decor accents Candles, plants, and simple framed art keep the space looking fresh.

Cottagecore
Color palette Warm earthy tones like sage green, cream, dusty rose, and warm brown.
Decor elements Vintage furniture, floral bedding, and handmade-looking decor help create the cozy cottage feel.
Textures Use knit blankets, linen fabrics, and natural materials like wood or wicker.
Wall decor Pressed flowers, botanical prints, and nature-inspired art work well.

Indie / Artsy
Color palette Often colorful and mixed, with warm tones like orange, green, and yellow.
Decor elements Gallery walls with posters, records, art prints, and photos are common.
Lighting Colorful LED lights or string lights help create a creative atmosphere.
Personal touches Display art supplies, sketchbooks, or creative projects around the room.

Soft Girl
Color palette Pastels like baby pink, lavender, mint, and soft yellow.
Decor elements Cute plushies, flower decor, heart shapes, and pastel bedding.
Lighting Soft fairy lights or warm lamps make the room feel cozy and gentle.
Wall decor Cute prints, pastel posters, and photo collages help complete the look.


Boho (Bohemian)
Color palette Boho rooms usually use warm earthy tones like terracotta, cream, sage green, and muted orange.
Textures Layering is key for this style. Use woven rugs, macramé wall hangings, rattan furniture, and textured blankets to create a cozy layered look.
Decor elements Plants are a big part of the boho vibe. Add hanging plants, woven baskets, or small potted plants around the room.
Lighting Warm fairy lights or lantern-style lamps help give the room a relaxed, cozy atmosphere.
Boho bedrooms are popular because they feel creative and comfortable with lots of textures and natural materials.

Fairycore
Color palette Soft magical colors like lavender, moss green, pastel pink, and cream work well for this aesthetic.
Decor elements Think nature-inspired decor like flowers, vines, butterflies, and mushrooms. Pressed flowers in frames or fake vines on the walls are common.
Lighting Twinkle lights, star projectors, and soft glowing lamps make the room feel magical.
Furniture & fabrics Sheer canopy beds, lace curtains, and soft blankets help create the whimsical fantasy vibe.
This style is inspired by enchanted forests and fairy tales, making the room feel dreamy and magical.

Y2K / Retro 2000s
Color palette Bright pink, purple, silver, aqua blue, and metallic colors are common.
Decor elements Neon signs, beaded curtains, funky mirrors, lava lamps, and holographic decor help bring the early-2000s vibe.
Patterns Bubble shapes, hearts, stars, and bold geometric patterns work well.
Furniture Clear acrylic furniture, metallic accents, or curved shapes give the room that futuristic retro feel.
The Y2K aesthetic is trending again because of nostalgia for early 2000s pop culture and colorful decor.

Scandinavian (Scandi)
Color palette Soft neutrals like white, beige, light gray, and pale wood tones.
Furniture Simple furniture with clean lines and light wood finishes works best.
Decor elements Use minimal decor but focus on cozy textures like chunky knit blankets, soft rugs, and linen bedding.
Lighting Soft warm lamps and lots of natural light help keep the room feeling calm and cozy.
This style focuses on simplicity, comfort, and functional design.

Dark Academia
Color palette Deep colors like dark green, brown, burgundy, and black.
Decor elements Bookshelves, vintage frames, candles, and antique-style decor help create the scholarly vibe.
Textures Leather, wood, velvet, and heavy fabrics work well for this aesthetic.
Lighting Warm desk lamps and soft yellow lighting make the room feel like an old library or study room.
This style is inspired by classic literature, old libraries, and vintage academic environments.

💡 Tip: Right now a lot of teen rooms mix 2–3 aesthetics together, like:
Dreamcore + Fairycore (glowy magical rooms)
Coquette + Preppy (pink + classic patterns)
Minimalist + Scandi (clean but cozy)
Boho + Coastal (natural relaxed vibe)
Dreamcore + Minimalist
Coastal + Clean Girl
Coquette + Preppy
This makes the room feel unique instead of like a copy of a Pinterest photo.

</textarea>

</head>
	<body>